README.md, before:

# Welcome to your Expo app 👋

This is an [Expo](https://expo.dev) project created with [`create-expo-app`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/create-expo-app).

## Get started

1. Install dependencies

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. Start the app

   ```bash
   npx expo start
   ```

In the output, you'll find options to open the app in a

- [development build](https://docs.expo.dev/develop/development-builds/introduction/)
- [Android emulator](https://docs.expo.dev/workflow/android-studio-emulator/)
- [iOS simulator](https://docs.expo.dev/workflow/ios-simulator/)
- [Expo Go](https://expo.dev/go), a limited sandbox for trying out app development with Expo

You can start developing by editing the files inside the **app** directory. This project uses [file-based routing](https://docs.expo.dev/router/introduction).

## Process Clippings

To reach the results shown in the evidence clippings, run the commands above, and press i to launch the app on the iOS simulator.

# AI Attribution

We used AI to learn more about extracting video frame information and generating basic starter code in upload.tsx.

Mentor: Nicholas Cirillo
Date Met with Mentor: 11/2 (we couldn’t find a time for all of us to meet by 10/31)

Commit message:

standardize styling and also make it so that different users have different posts when logging in

README.md, after:

# Welcome to your Expo app 👋

This is an [Expo](https://expo.dev) project created with [`create-expo-app`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/create-expo-app).

## Get started

1. Install dependencies

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. Start the app

   ```bash
   npx expo start
   ```

In the output, you'll find options to open the app in a

- [development build](https://docs.expo.dev/develop/development-builds/introduction/)
- [Android emulator](https://docs.expo.dev/workflow/android-studio-emulator/)
- [iOS simulator](https://docs.expo.dev/workflow/ios-simulator/)
- [Expo Go](https://expo.dev/go), a limited sandbox for trying out app development with Expo

You can start developing by editing the files inside the **app** directory. This project uses [file-based routing](https://docs.expo.dev/router/introduction).

## Process Clippings

To reach the results shown in the evidence clippings, run the commands above, and press i to launch the app on the iOS simulator. Note: this is now outdating from assignment 5.

# AI Attribution

We used AI to help us learn more about extracting video from information, generating basic starter code, and debugging for the annotation workflow in upload.tsx. This is because we were not very familiar with how to extract video information and all of the complex logic of keyframes and displaying annotations properly. Similarly, we used AI to develop some of the logic in the post folder, since there was a lot of code and logic needed for displaying the interactive path. We used it to help flesh out implementation ideas and generate starter code, which we then further built upon. We also used AI to learn about different alternatives for storing post information other than databases. We learned about AsyncStorage and obtained some starter code to become familiar with using it throughout our application.

Mentor: Nicholas Cirillo
Date Met with Mentor: 11/2 (we couldn’t find a time for all of us to meet by 10/31)
